>> Kyle Simpson: What
is a constructor call?
>> Audience 1: It's a function
call with a new key-
>> Kyle Simpson: Function call with
a new info.
What is this [[Prototype]] chain thing,
what is it?
Where does it come from?
>> Kyle Simpson: What is it?
>> Audience 1: Thunder protocol?
>> Kyle Simpson: It's a linkage
from one object to another.
Where does it come from?
>> Kyle Simpson: It's created at
the time the object's created, right?
When an object is created
it gets linked somewhere.
>> Kyle Simpson: What would you say is
the most obvious effect that the prototype
chain has on an object?
>> Audience 2: You can call
methods of the product type.
>> Kyle Simpson: If we call property or a
method on an object and it doesn't exist,
what does the prototype chain do?
The delegates of the chain.
>> Kyle Simpson: What are three
different ways I showed you to figure
out where an objects
[[Prototype]] links to?
>> Audience 1: Under proto?
>> Kyle Simpson: Under proto.
>> Audience 1: Object
dot gets prototype of.
>> Kyle Simpson: Object
dot get prototype of.
>> Audience 1: Instructor prototype?
>> Kyle Simpson: [LAUGH] And
dot constructor dot prototype.
Those 3 ways.